fail
hopefully though you'll see 27 with the
touch
sweetheart
she does
it's so smooth
so the risk doesn't empirical it works
how nice those days and then you can
course your change
you
and so these are would allow you to
change your
and then this baby here yeah this is
with that
is like the newest latest greatest
so how much were here is different
a resolution to create and then ability
to have your remote can be wherever you
money right there because you don't have
to keep your hand up here when you're
working
so this is a companion to this is update
urgent
so what they had it's pretty much like
the other mom I'm in Florida yeah so
it's really nice it's easy to draw it's
a lot like the first one it looks like
it's a little bit faster but it's a
really sense
yeah it's just a smaller format which is
touch so you can rotate see so he makes
a really leave inside - I sure do but
that's wrong
that was really nice tell you
like I said
ooh it comes out
News
so you know so what they draw it can be
blue but I mean you can just buy one
handedness
imitation